# **Project Requirements Document: Chat Bot Enem **

The following table outlines the detailed functional requirements of Chat Bot Enem.

| Requirement ID | Description | User Story | Expected Behavior/Outcome |
|:--------------:|-------------|------------|---------------------------|
|RN001           | Submission documents | As a student, I want Chat to answer ENEM questions based on the texts of documents that I provide.| The Chat application should provide a button for submitting documents. The submitted documents should be loaded and transformed into embeddings and then stored in a vector database in memory, to then be queried by a retriever and chained to a prompt that will be sent along with the user's input.|
|RN002           | LLM Agent Recommender | As a student, I want to ask the model to ask me which of the four areas of knowledge I want to get questions about: linguagens, códigos e suas tecnologias; ciências humanas e suas tecnologias; ciências da natureza e suas tecnologias; and matemática e suas tecnologias.
| 
The Chat application must have a Recommender Agent and Agent Item architecture. A Recommender Agent will be an LLM-based Agent that will indicate one of four other agents called Agent Items. The Recommender Agent knows information about each of the Agent Items. Depending on the user's input, the Recommender Agent will consult a more appropriate Agent Item to obtain the answer. Each Agent Item will be trained with its own dataset, in .json format, which will be placed in the folder named "data_agent_[i]" at the root of the project, where [i] will be the Agent Item number. There will be an Agent Item for each area of ​​knowledge, which are: languages, codes and their technologies (Agent Item 1); human sciences and their technologies (Agent Item 2); natural sciences and their technologies (Agent Item 3); and mathematics and their technologies (Agent Item 4). The application must allow the Recommender Agent to consult the Agent Items whenever it deems necessary, depending on the user's input. Use case example: User tells the Recommender Agent: "I want a question about mathematics and its technologies." Recommender Agent: "Contacts the most appropriate Agent Item to answer, in this case Agent Item 4, and tells Agent Item 4: "Tell me a question you know about mathematics and its technologies.". Agent Item: "Returns a question to the Recommender Agent". The Recommender Agent returns the result to the user. Data structure for Agent Item questions: "{
        "enunciado": "\nQUEST\u00c3O 64\t\nAs for\u00e7as tect\u00f4nicas dentro da litosfera, controladas \npelo calor interno das profundezas, geram terremotos, \nerup\u00e7\u00f5es e soerguimento de montanhas. As for\u00e7as \nmeteorol\u00f3gicas dentro da atmosfera e da hidrosfera, \ncontroladas pelo calor do Sol, produzem tempestades, \ninunda\u00e7\u00f5es, geleiras e outros agentes de eros\u00e3o.\nPRESS, F. et al. Para entender a Terra. Porto Alegre: Bookman, 2006 (adaptado).\nA intera\u00e7\u00e3o din\u00e2mica entre as for\u00e7as naturais citadas \nfavorece a ocupa\u00e7\u00e3o do espa\u00e7o geogr\u00e1fico, na medida \nem que provoca a forma\u00e7\u00e3o de\nA\t\nA\t solos vulc\u00e2nicos.\nB\t\nB\t dorsais oce\u00e2nicas.\nC\t\nC\t relevos escarpados.\nD\t\nD\t superf\u00edcies later\u00edticas.\nE\t\nE\t dobramentos modernos.",
        "label": "ci\u00eancias humanas e suas tecnologias",
        "cor_prova": "AZUL"
    }"